762 general documentation lanechange unstuck (#773)
una-auxme/paf: doc/planning/behaviors/Unstuck.md

| 15             | Default (all other behaviors) |
| 5              | Unstuck executed before, not moved for more than 15 meter (still stuck) |

The different durations will prevent triggering the unstuck routine too fast when we have a scheduled wait.

If we get into a situation where the velocity <= 0.1 m/s the timers start running.

We can then either trigger the Wait Stuck Timer condition
(duration see table above) after not moving for longer than that duration -> Wait Stuck

OR

we trigger the quicker Stuck Timer condition (currently 8 sec), after not moving for longer than that duration WHILE being told to move -> Stuck.

Once one of the Timers is triggered we do the following:

1. **Drive reverse:** \
  Based on the count how many times the Unstuck routine was already executed while not moved for more than 15 meters (still stuck) we do following:
  
    | Unstuck Count | Behavior |
    | -------------- | -------- |
    | 0             | Do nothing additional. |
    | 1             | Reset the planned overtake trajectory and remove all added stopmakers. |
    | 2             | Add an overtake 2.75m to the left. |

>     | 3              | Add an ovetake 1.00m to the right. reset Unstuck Count to 0. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | 3              | Add an ovetake 1.00m to the right. Reset Unstuck Count to 0. |
```

   While driving in reverse:

    0. **Invert steering angle** that it points towards the trajectory.
    This turns the car towards the trajectory, while reversing
    1. **Check** if there is an **obstacle** inside the obstacle mask
    2. If there is none, then **reverse slowly** (2 m/s) via the add_speed_override() service, until the **UNSTUCK_CLEAR_DISTANCE** is reached, or an obstacle appears inside the collision mask.

>     3. If an **obstacle** is **detected** but the car has'nt moved more than 0,5 m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. If an **obstacle** is **detected** but the car has not moved more than 0,5 m
```
